---
layout: post
title: "Values"
date: 2014-05-15T19:24:56+08:00
---

Yesterday I did a lot of things before sleep, I finished the second episode of &lt;&lt;Friends&gt;&gt; and wrote the Jobs quotes. At supper, I watched a video "Caijinglangyan" that it talked about values.

Recently many American TV shows have been forbidden on websites. It makes so many fans heart-break. I'm not a fan absolutely but as these days I've been learning english hence watching TV shows become more often such as The Big bang Theory and Friends.

In that programme which I talk about above, the host named Wang mudi and the famous economist Larry H.P. Lang talked about the TV forbidden. And also Lang talked about the American TV industry as well as other developed countries such as Japen, Korea, and France.

The more developed in industry, the more developed in film or in other words cultural industries.

In our country, there're too many rules to publish a film or a TV series so as to nowadays in the main market there are only basic theme in the TV series: family-relationship, anti-Japanese, passing-through.

Statics shows that white-collars are the main part of fans of the American TV shows. Meanwhile post-90s love the Korean TV series mostly. As well known, youngsters are the owner of the new world.

Not only in the American TV series we could learn native english, but also we could see what the societies and daily life easten countries are. As a result, people would like to buy the clothes which the men or the women wore and to visit the places in the series. It indirectly brings more money. Why they are so popular?

As I know, different countries have different languages and also have different values, however, there're also some values are the same as all the hunmans in the world, such as responsibility, braveness, kindness, friendship, love, family, etc.

Let's talk about Chinese TV series, foreigners have no interests at the family-relationship of Chinese family which nearly each family comes across "xiao san" or bad relationship between your wife and your mother. These values you spread will not have their attention. So you'll find that imports are better than exports very much in TV series.

In the past few years, I heard about Culture-Invasion. I agree with that. Just look your surroundings, your clothes, shoes, PC, phone, TV, or other technological products, almost 99 percent are imported from others. To eat at McDonald's to many children is popular rather than our places of Chinese restaurants.

I'm a little worrying about that but it's OK now. What would we do? We'll never turn back to walk on the old road of closing ourselves to the world. Open mind, and also your eyes, embrace changes, hold your values, commuicate with the world, learn them than make us better.

From my standpoint, I know our values are: ceremony, friendly, integrity, tolerance, etc. Hold these values or others I never talked about, we'll be more confident to the future.
