---
title: Passion
date: 2017-08-08T09:42:36+08:00
layout: post
---

From my standpoint, everyone in the world is unique. To do what you really love is very important, as you're exicted to do jobs everyday and to be more professional day by day. But looking around yourself, including yourself, do you love the job you are doing now?

This morning I read the following passage, yes, it's great and some aspect same as mine. I'd like to share with you:

**[a-brutal-truth-about-following-your-passion-and-doing-what-you-love-that-few-people-admit.html](https://www.inc.com/jeff-haden/a-brutal-truth-about-following-your-passion-and-doing-what-you-love-that-few-people-admit.html)**

I don't like to work in a general company with those guys don't put their passion into the job. 8 years after my graduation, I have not found one team which teammates are passionate about daily job, so everyday their status and job fulfillment is not excellent.

There's popular saying: **garbage is resource placed at wrong position. **

Anyone living in the world is a miracle, from pregnent, little, young, mature, then old, not only to find food to fill your stomach, but also learn skills to living the complex real world. Never look down yourself, you are unique, try to find your passion, just do it right now. as the way the passage describes, do what you really love to do and it's a viable thing then you can start your own entrepreneurial career.

Life is once, don't waste on meaningless affairs. Working hard on your passionate work. Do it.
