---
title: The Boys
date: 2019-09-02T12:02:03+08:00
---

<<The Boys>> is a new American TV series. Learned it from <<Black Water Park>> and finished it last Saturday.

It's not a normal American TV series as others before, the opposite one, the unique one. It shows you the darkness of super-human and many other aspects for example the money the fame the show and the background of their operation company. Even sometimes you can find Hollywood design in some scenes and also politics in the real world.

As <<Black Water Park>> talks everyone did not think that what's the result when a super-human crash on a normal person, the very scene is shown at the first several minutes. Yes, blood, and only left two hands, nothing, you can not think it's a person just some seconds right now. It's terriable.

Starlights who is the heroine, exprience a lot, finally even the basis of the genius is not the real, it's controlled by the super-human company and her mother knows all about it, her father is not the bad guy who bankrupted and abandon her and her mother but reget to face the fact that inject V chemical to make her a super-human. This sharpturn is more or less like the <<The Truman Show>>.

Forgive me can not describe all details of this series here.

What's important thing this series shows to me is that there's no silver bullet in programming world there's also no perfect world in the super-human, when there's white and there's black. There's kindness and there's ugly.

Fairy tale only lives in childhood or in unreal mind. The world is tough and the fact is hard to face, even there's storm and cold and warm and wind, you ever need courage to know the fact of the fake shell.

I don't think and not say darkness or bad thing is the very real world. When you know the real aspect, you may cherish more what you have and what you really should pay attention to. Life is an exprience and a procedure, do not leave too much regret. Live the life you want, do the things you love, cherish the time you and me together.